So we are just going to say a few things and then I think everybody can ask questions very simply.
So who starts?
Can you hear me?
Can you tell us what happened to Vlodia?
I think that Satya Yuga will come when the greatest spiritual master in the world will meet a great world leader.
So then we had quite a maya with Mihail Gorbachev.
Mihail Gorbachev is realized.
And she wanted to meet him.
And she wrote to him, she explained to him what should be done in Russia.
And now something a little bit tragic happened.
Because instead of meeting the true spiritual leader, Gorbachev met some false prophet.
He met a Chin Nowai, who is sort of a guru in New York, who, you know, it's a joke.
He met a Reverend Moon who is a Christian fake guru from Korea.
So the path of auspiciousness which was foreseen then got blocked.
And then very rapidly everything turned upside down.
You know what happened to Gorbachev?
Then you have Yeltsin.
And, you know, Yeltsin was corrupt.
So, you know, sometimes there are moments in history which are changing the course and then we need to live with it.
So I don't want to spend too much time, but I think Shrimataji had this vision, really, that after communism and capitalism, the societies here could show another way for the world.
But as you know, the Saja Yoga in Russia has been almost destroyed. It was the largest, largest collectivity outside of India.
And then they had a number of problems which I'm not going to discuss. And then, you know, the power of that collectivity was affected.
And even here, you were one thousand people in Kiev. How many are you? 300? 400? You have been melting like snow in the sunshine.
So there has been an attack of negativity.
So we need to regroup and then we will attack with our weapons which are different.
These are the Sarvastradayini. She is the one who gives all the weapons.
Sarva means all, astra means weapon. The one who gives all the weapons. So that's one name. Maybe we can take this name together.
So, Sri Sarvastradayini.
Shrimataji Shri Nirmala Devi Nanno Nana.
Just when you require mentions the weapons, a thought came into my mind. I had a short interaction with Vladimir this morning about the soul and also about the speech this morning about the different nadis in the body.
I thought that our weapons are sometimes of a very gentle nature as well.
And I have to confess I missed the morning meditation in the beginning.
Because I slept so well here.
But then when Vladimir told me about the talk this morning, I remembered that there is a talk where Shrimataji mentions four nadis and one of them is the Amruta Nadi.
Amruta means the nectar which falls from above. I personally, as probably many of you, I really love this aspect of Sahaja Yoga.
And we can definitely consider this Amruta as a weapon.
If I may speak as a doctor a little bit here, what happens when this Amruta falls on us?
It obviously falls from a region above the Sahasrara.
And from above the Sahasrara.
Eventually, Shrimataji explains the Sahasrara chakra. There are always two aspects. One is the limbic area.
And the other is the way the Sahasrara unfolds like a flower or like a palm tree. Many many nadis are spreading out.
So these nadis that are spreading out, they end, medically speaking, in an area which we call the cortex of the brain.
The cortex of the brain.
The nadi is the area that is spreading out. And the cortex of the brain is the cortex of the brain.
And that cortex of the brain, I'm not going into details medically, besides the fact that I don't know them myself so well.
And I don't know if you know the details of the brain.
But in that brain cortex, most of our mental activities take place.
And all our reactions are taking place, our mental reactions.
And then these mental reactions, somehow they connect to the lower part of the brain, which is the limbic area, where the emotional reactions take place.
So when the vibrations, which you can call as ambros, also falls on our brain, they saturate first the cortex.
And I would say here, I mean, one of the real beauties of Sahaj meditation takes place, because what happens is an orchestration, an orchestration of the activity of the Divine on the individual.
The reason why we can feel so good sometimes, just by coming, I mean, even we were talking about it, when we came here, we came in the hall first, you sit ten minutes, you're feeling so good.
In the puja, you're feeling so good. This morning, besides missing the meditation, we just came in here, we felt so good.
And when we came here, we felt so good. We just came in here, we felt so good.
And this, that cortex, that explains to me as a doctor how we can feel so good, because on the further path down towards the limbic area, there is this integration of all our functions, of the brain functions, and that's why we are feeling so good.
I would like to add Pollinivivratie to the body organics at a good level, and its••••ion here at the
own time, but immediately something else. Please do not go away because we see such an amazing.
As talked about recently it is not in snacks.
But, if I may...
this was a spontaneous input for the thought when collapsing of talking.
And I might give him the mic back.
And I think he has a few corrections to make.
Ha.
Do you think that the water is a good thing?
No, it's just vibration and I'm good, there is a difference.
Cloud is water.
And the water is water.
And the river is water.
And the water is good.
When we feel good in Puja, we feel the cloud.
Because it's a gaseous state, condition.
So vibrations are like, you know, like the cloud.
But Amrut is like the river.
It's...
Okay, just don't let me say that.
It's okay.
We are really lucky to have Karigwe with us.
I'm very happy with you.
When Vladimir gave us notice that this seminar is happening
and he sent us his sweet invitation,
there was not even a moment of thinking if coming, if we should come or not.
We are very happy with the seminar.
We are very happy with the moment of thinking.
With so much, all of us recalled the wonderful Christmas Puja we had here
and the meditative experience of complete silence in the head that we had in Ukraine.
It's such a quality that the yogis of this country reflect.
And sometimes we are facing difficulties which might be very big difficulties
and we might think that we are not able to overcome them.
And just now you were in such a moment.
And I recall a moment when Rego was also there and many others.
When we were completely desperate about the development that Sahaja Yoga took
and this was in Pune in 2007.
It was around Easter Puja, she Jesus Christ.
And we all were really desperate.
And there was no solution on the horizon.
Shrimadaji had stopped talking a couple of years ago.
And things went really wrong.
And in that moment of complete desperation, all of a sudden we were in Bratishna
and Shrimadaji was in her room.
And all of a sudden we hear her voice in her room.
While we were just discussing things in a hopeless situation about the Darshan school.
All of a sudden somebody came out of the room of Shrimadaji and called her scene
and the person was really really excited.
And when we came inside, Shrimadaji sat there in full splendor, very joyful
and telling us, just give me the plans, give me the plans of Darshan.
And she talked to us, she cracked jokes with us as if she had never stopped talking before.
We were using so many handkerchiefs.
She can come back in any form, at any moment, in any situation.
And this was a resurrection of Easter.
And then in the evening she said, better people don't go home for the puja because they should stay for the puja.
And at the end of this puja she gave her half an hour speech.
She was addressing and said, I know you would have liked to achieve much more and things did not work the way you wanted.
And then she gave us a lot of advice and the main thing which I want to talk about now is that at the end she said,
your desire is going to work it out.
Your desire is going to work it out.
And now we are in such a situation.
And yesterday when Gregor gave his speech pointing out all the details,
drawing a visual map of every situation in such a clear way, the desire manifested.
And now we are in such a situation where we are in such a situation where we are in such a clear way.
And when we had our meditation after that, when we meditated on the heart, I felt the pain in your heart.
And tears were coming from my eyes.
And this went into the ether.
And when at the end of the meditation we were in absolute silence, united, completely one, this went into the ether.
And when yesterday in the puja we were enjoying the music and complete joy, Aladha Dayan.
That's the name of shrimadaji. When we were enjoying this complete joy, this went into the ether.
Aladha Dayan is one of the names of Shrimadaji, gives the complete joy.
And this all goes into the ether.
So whenever we come together as Sahaja Yogis, we create such a collective power which is heard by the Divine.
And when we are in such a situation where we are in such a situation where we are in such a state of silence, we create such a pure desire.
And this pure desire is heard by the Divine.
And if you are sitting there in the last row, very much in the back, your desire is heard by the Divine.
She will listen to what you pray.
And it's one thing to know about it and it's the other thing as Gregor El so nicely explained is to completely trust.
And the faith above the aagya is shraddha.
We just know that Mother will take care of it.
And this is how we operate on the level that dear Gregor has described yesterday, on the level that is above.
This is when we use our yogic powers.
So we have to be careful with the desire.
And Gregor is having a nice surprise for you to lead a meditation at the end.
I think he is going to play a bit with this pure power of desire.
But one thing that impressed me very much about Ukraine was you have these two boxers, Klitschko.
And they are really good.
I mean one is not boxing anymore, he is a politician. I don't know how he works as a politician but he was a good boxer.
And they were fighting so many great fighters.
And they got punched in the face and everywhere so many times.
And their mother of course did not like it but she could bear it.
But she could never bear it if their own sons fight each other.
So she took the promise, never fight against each other.
And they kept to the promise.
Let our desire go in this direction that we never have to fight any brother or sister.
And the divine will clearly accept the opportunity.
I just wanted to compliment one thing about this speech at East Puzha.
That Wolfgang has mentioned.
Because it was extraordinary.
She said, as he said, she said, I know that you had expected, you had wished to achieve much more.
And then she said something like, but if there are all these difficulties it is because I want you to become perfect.
There is a little problem with the yogis when everything goes well.
When everything goes well the yogis are on picnic mode.
They are on cruise control.
Life is a nice party and the lila goes on and we all enjoy.
And with this we do not transform.
Because we are just carried by the blessing.
That we don't transform.
So to oblige us to be in perspective.
To oblige us to witness.
To oblige me to see my own imperfection.
Otherwise I am going to test me.
Otherwise I am very lazy yogi.
I was telling a sister from India that, you know, when I do my food show my wife is preparing my food show.
Otherwise she knows I am not going to food show.
I am from India and I am going to food show.
So I am very happy that I am going to food show.
But when things are tough I prepare my food show myself.
But I am not going to food show myself.
I am going to food show myself.
So just to give you the idea.
Don't be fanatics please.
And don't be fanatics.
Don't go on shubhi, don't go on doing haban.
Otherwise you will do many haban with little power.
Do a few haban with big power.
If you want to make a difference.
And in the meeting don't give bandhan, don't shubhi, don't just meditate and transform and reach the top of the triangle.
This is tough but the only thing we have to do.
I think we are good.
Do you have a question?
Do you have any questions for Zars?
Or do you want to ask Zars?
The generation of the bandhan and haban is very different.
We are not going to do any bandhan and haban.
So what we need is bandhan and haban.
If we are here then we don't really need any bandhan and haban.
Yes, you don't.
If you are here you don't.
You see but many people think they are here but they are here.
Then they need the bandhan and they need the haban.
It's just we should not be too systematic.
Nothing too much.
Havan is good, bandhan is good.
But never too much.
Do you have any questions?
I have no questions.
In 2008, Shri Mataji gave a Shri Guru Guru speech
and She told that you all have become Gurus now.
I have no questions.
I want to ask you a question.
Yes, please.
Everybody was really happy and whenever you tried to say anything to anybody you heard I am my Guru.
People started divorcing the marriage.
I have no questions.
People did not come for collective meditation because at home the vibrations are much better.
I am my Guru.
I have no questions.
A part of the speech which is not quoted that often is
and the one who said that he is my Guru, I have no questions.
Shri Mataji said you have to feel cool on your hands and on your head all the time.
I have no questions.
I am not a Guru.
I am a Guru.
Then you are your Guru.
I am not a Guru.
So let us rather come for feeling cool all the time.
And let us rather come for feeling cool all the time.
Now I am your Guru.
I am your Guru.
I have no questions for you.
I will speak to you in a minute.
One more question.
Why isn't anything said about the importance of giving realization?
In self realization, spreading realization.
Because it is obvious.
I am not talking about things which are obvious.
I am talking about things which are obvious.
So we spoke about the vibrations, about the importance of feeling the vibrations in the form of the knowing kind.
But sometimes vibrations are different and sometimes they seem or they are not in fact.
And is there any negativity in this case?
Can there be any negativity in the case of cool vibrations?
I think here what comes into play here is the Hamza Chakra.
It is about discrimination.
I mean it is a very important center which is placed directly under the hagya.
And in thoughtless awareness when we address a situation we do get a clear answer.
If the vibrations are pure vibrations that is what I would say. That is my own practice.
In the beginning of Saja Yoga there were leaders who were taking vibrations all the time.
Today they are no longer in Saja Yoga.
The vibrations are not a GPS system.
You can, if you try to use vibration and you are not at the level of innocence
because you use vibration for your own purpose with a limited mind
then the maya can cheat you through the vibration.
Again, otherwise it would be too simple.
You don't transform, you don't improve but with the vibration you are always okay.
No, the vibration will not be an alternative to transforming.
If everybody feels the same thing then it is fine.
If you take vibrations, some people feel this cold, some people feel this hot
then you need to use your buddhi because buddhi can be vibrated.
Buddhi is enlightened intelligence, discrimination.
In some countries they can't seem to take vibrations.
And the elected complete idiots.
So again, you know, it is inside. No methodology, no system can work.
Not even vibration. If we are where we are inside on our sushuna then it works.
When Shri Mataji withdrew you had some people who started writing procedures.
Procedures for electing council.
Every council must rotate every three years.
You know, procedures and regulations are for non-yogis.
Yogis use their discrimination.
Is leadership bad or good?
Good leadership is good but leadership is bad.
But if you say leadership is bad, what about Shri Mataji?
So, don't believe in rules and regulations.
He has younger brothers who started being important, writing 12 pages of procedures
and I am working with United Nations, I knew what procedures are, I am using it for my job.
I am working with the government and the government is working with the government.
But I am working with the government and I know what procedures are.
Reaction, witnessing, not reacting, meditating and transforming.
And the procedure and the process of the process are very important.
You must be able to do it.
But you need to be able to do it.
And you need to be able to do it in an introspective way.
You need to be able to do it in a real way.
If you want to rotate your council, you rotate.
But if the council works well, let it work.
What is the problem?
I think rotation is a good thing because it's like the air circulates.
But it doesn't need to be three years fixed.
No, for a big country it's one thing, for a small country it's different.
But it's not the same as a small country.
It's a very small country.
So, I will just say a little piece about what was important.
First of all, when you have a big, big, big, big, big,
you have to be able to do it in a real way.
You have to do it in a real way.
It's a very small country.
But we can do it in a real way without a GPS.
Especially with sensor shifts.
It's hard to do, but it's generally a good thing.
Anyone?
As for time?
So, what aspects of Ukraine do we have?
It's about reading the mantras with Sri or without Sri, because lately in Ukraine we start to read all the mantras with Sri, regardless which kind of name it is.
Yeah, they mean mistakes in the mantra book.
Which we now are correcting, because they started taking out Sri before many names, which were for instance the one who destroyed sin, Papahari, they were taking away the Sri.
No, what Mother Tod has is you don't say Sri before the name of the rakshasa.
Only before the name of the rakshasa.
Those are the names where she kills, with the very notion.
The question is, where to keep the attention?
At the Sahasrara or Papad?
I think the question is a good catapult into meditation. Thank you.
I don't understand why you are saying that you are not catapulting the whole country.
I am not catapulting the whole country, but I am saying how meditation takes place in your countries.
Can I respond more seriously to the question? Because there is a more serious response.
If you put attention in your Sahasrara, it is still your Sahasrara.
If you put your attention a little bit higher, what is yours?
So you come closer to collective consciousness.
What about the question how meditation takes place in your countries?
I think every country has its own qualities. And according to the qualities, the quality of meditation is like yesterday.
And also today, here we can feel extreme silence, which is apparently a great quality that you have developed.
But the reality is that you can feel even more Self-emis somebody else's their might and1 and take their own
I must say we are lucky in our country is that by tradition we frequently lead in bigger
groups to meditate.
At some point, Shri Mataji was always pleased when we had ashrams.
And in Austria at some point we have more than 20 ashrams.
We are a rather small country.
At that time we had 7 billion inhabitants.
But
And the Gia always was very pleased. Although in the ashram, living in the ashram was beautiful on one hand and difficult on the other hand.
I myself lived in the ashram for quite a long time in different ashrams.
And what you have to learn when you live in an ashram is a bit to confront your own ego.
If you have many people living in an ashram, the ego is low.
You can't keep to your ego when you live together with other people.
Now we don't have so many ashrams anymore, but we still meet in bigger groups and we meditate.
And if you want to know how do we meditate, of course we all meditate the same.
But one thing, if I talk about Austria, is they still like to meet in bigger groups and meditate.
And we had also very difficult times and in these difficult times people were not really coming to the collective meditations.
We had a mail server for emails instead.
And this was a battlefield.
It was anything else but not meditation for sure.
And when we started meeting again, when we started enjoying ourselves, just having a music program, just singing together, just meditating together, then it really changed.
Because when you meditate together with others, all of a sudden you find out, wow, it's my brother, it's my sister, I love them.
All of a sudden you find out, wow, it's my brother, it's my sister, I love them.
So yoga is always something which rather happens in collectivity.
It's a collective yoga.
Nastubh na patanya, kakai shaletse collective nyavaparosa.
So the next question is how collective questions are solved, the approach to my collective decision.
Collective decision.
I mean the only thing I have, and we have observed is that what we said before to go about that mechanically
and especially to go about it with little envelopes and little papers and make it a democratic process almost
was not what Shri Mataji did when she was around and also she did not emphasize that and somehow it became a practice. Sorry.
Nastubhata, parstaksa sadatamukhata, yavsahajayoje, vyakorasto, yajnipapurci, konverta, nyavireshne rismekh putan, mezro samil ek
nyatte shavabulashrimata che.
So our experience in the early days was whenever there were collective decisions to be made, we were sitting together
and in a joyful mood and in a vibrational mood, one idea came up which was useful and basically supported by everyone
because everyone felt the vibrations and that was the process. And this process I would say includes also a respect for
I would say not only senior yogis but for words of wisdom when they are coming.
And on the other side when decisions arise which we do not agree or which do not feel so right for the moment
and we struggle with them, we can resort to bandhan and the internal reaction.
If I may say also in the context of the whole email communications, when decisions or discussions are done on email
I always saw what a difference it makes when there is an email exchange and when there is an exchange between yogis when they are together.
If I will ask the same question in the Black remembering session which concerns me the most during the
Especially when you are with your friends and youngies who you know very well.
I think that the most important thing is to have a strong relationship with the audience.
Because this is not an atmospheric atmosphere, this is not a real atmosphere.
And not only with the audience, but also with the audience.
To have a strong relationship with the audience.
Because everything is about the creativity of the audience,
and the creativity of the audience.
And I think that the audience is very important.
But then it means being collective means you do what the leader wants to do.
It's more subtle than that.
Because if there is a love and respect,
then that leader wants to have a decision process which brings people together.
Because it is love, and it is love which is ensured.
It's not to impose one decision.
So it is a trial and error method.
Every method is good if it works.
There are many interesting stories that we have.
One I want to tell in the ashrams in the early days.
So when you had a problem with somebody, you would study that personality well.
Then you would find a speech where shimadaji addresses all the weaknesses the other person has,
and put it for the morning meditation next day.
Of course somebody might feel offended.
So the person would also choose a speech for the second day, where all the my weaknesses are exposed.
And this is how we learn.
So if we look at all the emails going around, sometimes the game is still wrong.
And don't use quotes of shimadaji to fight. Please.
Sometimes when I see the email exchange on the web, I want to quote Shakespeare.
So I am quoting.
A tale taught by an idiot, full of sound and fury,
sound and fury, yes, signifying nothing.
So let's not express the sign of resentment, hate, aggression.
Because it does not help.
Again, if we do it, we are fighting at the bottom of the triangle.
Is it good to offer to Havana all that comes to your head right now?
Or is it better to pray the least before I end?
What are you like?
Can you say something?
What I noticed, sometimes people prepare pushes really well.
And that creates its own vibrations.
And sometimes every little thing is written down.
Like you start with this song.
Then for the Ganesha you sing first, namami.
Then comes Jaya Jaya Jammali.
And so on and on.
That doesn't leave much space for the spontaneous flow.
So if we prepare well, Shimadaji is definitely pleased.
And if we leave a space so that still we can listen to what she tells us to do with the pusha, then it might be even better.
And this is, of course she is always appreciating if the preparations go, she always will love that.
But same with Havana, with everything.
When we over-organize it, as Gregor has mentioned, if too much procedure, then somehow the vibrations might not be able to unfold as they would otherwise.
So, let's go to the next question.
So, there is internal dissonance when Sahaja Yogis have illnesses and bad character.
And spreading Sahaja Yoga, how to overcome it?
If you are a person who is personally ill and has bad character, has the right to spread Sahaja Yoga?
What is the doctor? I would say if someone is ill, you should stay in bed and not do a program.
I would like to ask Dr. Yamoji to tell us that he is in a bad situation and he is in a bad situation.
Is there a situation in which you feel that you are not active in Sahaja Yoga?
It seems it goes with the territory, but I think it is simple. What I feel works with many negative people.
If there is a friendly conversation, really from heart to heart, where we explain that simply it's like there are times for us to be in a bad situation.
You say to everyone that you are not well when you are off and all that.
And you say that in a friendly way so that the other person understands there is a chance that this can be resolved.
And if you are not active in Sahaja Yoga, then you are in a bad situation.
And one thing is always there. If people who are not really alright spread so much Sahaja Yoga, there is a very simple method of how to change that.
And what is the reason why you are not active in Sahaja Yoga?
That those people who are very much in power have too much more problems.
Any questions?
I have the desire to live in Ashram. If it's real, I won't show it after that.
Start one.
I have written some wrote it with Emen
So I present a place where there is a big Sahaj Yogi collective.
But we have such tendency which is in fact very common. We have a lot of elder yogis.
And we have a few yogashakti.
And the most of yogashaktis we have in our collective are children of yogis.
Can you give any advice how to attract youth to the collective?
You know a human being is a human being.
Realized soul is a realized soul.
Divine can work through someone who is old.
Divine can work through someone who is young.
It is not so important.
Maybe you don't have youth in your village.
They will be used somewhere else.
But if you have nice old people who have a spiritual power,
the Divine will know how to use that.
So enjoy your old people and don't cry after the missing youth.
There is a question from Sahaj Yogi from the city who is now in the war.
He is like a soldier. So he is listening over for the seminar.
He is appreciating your coming in the conversation and discussing the problem of Ukraine.
And asking what do you see a political solution towards what is now happening in Ukraine.
I thought we were going to end this discussion, not to open another one.
Where there is a will, there is a way.
And I gave some elements of the response.
First of all, instead of seeing the corruption in Russia,
Ukrainians should correct the corruption in Ukraine.
First of all, you have to understand the problems of Ukraine and its people.
This is the basics.
Then, if you want to restore peace in the country, you need to understand how the other side is feeling.
Because negotiation is to understand the other side.
I think that the people of Ukraine should not be afraid of the other side.
Because they will be afraid of the other side's conflict.
So first of all, don't dream about the West.
Slav people have a community of destiny, by history and by geography.
Don't think that the people who are going to save you are coming from Paris and London.
And then there are a number of things that Ukrainian authorities on their side can do to reduce the gap and restore the trust.
But then of course the Russians also need to breach their side of the gap.
This is the second side of the triangle.
And if the time is right, there are things Ukraine can do to restore trust.
You don't want me to continue, right?
Well, you know, if I would like to speak intelligently, I would like to stay one month in the country, I would like to go on the border zone.
I would like to talk to many people, then I would talk to you.
One thing I feel because I'm coming from Switzerland.
We are a very small country.
We have four official languages.
When you get an official paper, often it is in two languages.
Now, if you are confident, remember what I told you.
If you are confident as Ukrainian,
you all speak Russian.
What is the problem if you acknowledge Russia as an official language of Ukraine?
I know some people feel we lose our nationality, but these are people who are insecure.
Look at your history, if you are confident as a nation.
You can have two official languages. We have four.
And in the past we used to fight, but not now.
So you need to give something to reassure, you need to go in the direction of love.
But then of course you need to do it at the right time.
Because on the other hand, on the other side there needs also to be a movement.
We have a strong relationship with the people of the country, but we are not in a situation where we can have a conflict.
When I tell you that you are on the left side of the right agar, it means that you are at the place where you can open the agar.
I have a strong relationship with the people of the country, but I have a strong relationship with the people of the country.
But if you have faith you will be strong and you will not be afraid of losing your nationality.
If you are really Ukrainian, who can prevent you from being Ukrainian? Nobody can.
Only the strong can be compassionate.
I know that you feel under aggression. I understand that.
But take it from the top of the triangle and not from the bottom.
Thank you.
I would like to ask you a question about your attitude towards nationalism and patriotism.
Have you had this kind of talk with the Russian yogis in Russia? Do you plan to have some talks in the near time?
What would you advise Russian yogis in the situation in which you are in Russia now?
I come to Ukraine because Ukrainian yogis have invited me.
So maybe if the Russian yogis would invite me, I would come if I have time.
But I am not coming when I am not invited.
I am not coming when I am not invited.
I would like to ask you a question about your attitude towards nationalism and patriotism.
You see, I think we are going to stay here until the end of the day.
But you know, the intellectual property of Shri Mataji is owned by an IPC which is owning the work of Shri Mataji on behalf of the Sangha.
She gave it to the Sangha.
But I am not going to ask you a question.
I am going to ask you about intellectual property of Shri Mataji.
And intellectual property of Shri Mataji is owned by a
All yogis have decided to put everything on the web.
And the policy of an IPC is the following.
I have a problem with the
Every yogi and yogini have a right to complete free open access to all the work.
But for non yogis some material need to have discriminate access because if a non yogi hear something that Shri Mataji said for yogis only, it is too much instead of taking them in sahaja.
It will make them run away.
But the reason is that the non yogi cannot be a yogi.
So the material needs to be taken into account.
The same thing with Shri Mataji.
He is the one who is going to use common sense.
And he is going to use it to complete free open access to all the work.
So it is the same thing with the picture of Shri Mataji.
We need again to use common sense.
But the reason is that he is the one who is going to use it to complete free open access to all the work.
When we use a picture of Shri Mataji for public program, we should not create an unnecessary problem for the person who come for the first time.
So use your judgment.
If there is a picture with a big crown or svasthika, some people may have a problem.
Because for them svasthika means the nazis.
Of course we will educate them and we will say svasthika is auspicious.
But if you want to bring people in sahaja yoga in the beginning, make it easy.
And then they will take the crown and the svasthika.
But not just in the beginning because they will not understand.
You have given problems in Muslim countries and I don't speak the same thing in Rabat or Istanbul as I can in India.
Because in India there is the notion of avatar but not in Muslim religion.
So in short answer is be discriminate.
So in that case you have to say that some jinnists say that there is no need to put the photo of Shri Mataji at all for public program.
I want to put the picture of Shri Mataji because I am proud of my mother.
I gave a program in a street festival on climate change in Geneva.
Climate change meeting.
At the end they are asking to give realization.
No picture of Shri Mataji.
They got the realization in 5 minutes.
So you can't give realization without the picture.
But my desire as a yogi is to glorify Shri Mataji, not to hide her.
But Shri Mataji is the one who gives the evidence.
Thank you.
Please welcome the
medical person.
She is a doctor.
If I can ask medical question.
What is the course of liver cleansing to normalize and balance right side?
What is the treatment for liver to normalize right side?
Liver treatment course.
Thank you.
Liver treatment, no question.
Liver treatment.
Most of us know that Shri Mataji has basically put this discrimination for left side and right side.
Nutrition.
Basically what it is about is that there is these two food substances of protein and carbohydrates.
Which have their specific effects on left and right side.
So if there is too much right side, which also means that the liver has a tendency to be overactive.
You use non-veg food predominantly.
If you have a lot of vegetables, you can use it for a long time.
You can use it for a long time.
Which means non-veg food, vegetables, cooked vegetables, less Shri Mataji for some reason emphasized not too many raw vegetables.
I mean too many raw fruits.
Also for the, even though it is a non-veg food, not too many fruits.
Fruits have a very good cleansing effect, especially taken in the morning on an empty snobber.
But the basic sustaining diet for too much right side is cooked vegetables, rice and other mild carbohydrates.
And the opposite holds true, just to mention it shortly, for people who have a tendency to be too much left sided.
You can eat more protein rich food and avoid the carbohydrates, avoid too much sugar.
So this is basically the balancing effect.
If there is a specific question of someone, you can also come to me afterwards.
And if you have any questions, please let me know in the comments section.
Thank you.
Yes, I have a question with the question.
So the question about the picture was that mother has come with her avatar.
And many people now treat a portrait as like they associate themselves, like they take picture to picture.
And like don't go beyond this.
That was the question from this sister.
It's a little bit complicated.
There is a protocol of the picture of Shri Mataji.
I came once in the ashram in England and I started taking down pictures of Shri Mataji from the world.
And then a rishiogi complained to Shri Mataji, the one who is taking down your pictures.
And then I started taking down pictures of Shri Mataji from the world.
I was told that I have a portrait of Shri Mataji from the world.
And I was told that I have a portrait of Shri Mataji from the world.
And I started taking down the photos of Shri Mataji from the world.
And then I started taking down photos of Shri Mataji from the world.
And the photographs were taken from the world.
It was a very complicated process.
And when I took down the photos, I was told that I have a portrait of Shri Mataji from the world.
Okay, some people are not happy what I said about official language.
This is giving me much to much importance.
Because feel completely free to disagree with me. I don't represent anything or anybody in Ukraine.
We had civil wars in our country and we had also external invasions.
And so we had to handle those situations.
And we had to deal with the situation in the best possible manner.
So we had to deal with the situation in the best possible manner.
So you will handle your situation in the best possible manner and you will decide.
I have nothing to say. If you want only one official language, it's fine with me.
I'm just saying that if at some point you come to the point where you want to negotiate, to restore trust, think about the options that you have. That's all.
Then, you know, forget it. Forget what I said.
Because this is not the proper place for the discussion. I am no longer the United Nations and you are not the government. You are not the Ministry of Education.
Can I just say what I observe now?
We are just leaving the level of the top of the triangle.
As Gregor has mentioned, we did not come here to have a political discussion.
Because on that level we cannot solve the things here.
But we have come here to create some waves that come from the collective meditative mood.
And that these waves attract the attention and the love of our mother.
And at the end of this wonderful event, let us keep, please, the attention on that high level and not stepping down a few steps.
Let us keep our hands on that high level and not stepping down a few steps.
Let us please use those powers that make us strong and not those powers that make us weak.
Let us keep the attention on that high level and not stepping down a few steps.
So shall we end on that level?
Thank you very much.
So, Yogini, I ask you if you could share some of your brightest moments of memories with Shomadhi.
It is not a very bright memory, but it fits a little bit to the question which was asked about the liver and the right side.
I was very fond of drinking coffee.
And I used to drink coffee and we were in with Shri Mataji and somehow the coffee came, I like to drink it and someone said, yeah, but not too much of coffee in a bit.
And so I felt happy and I said, okay, I can have one coffee and I have my coffee. And then someone said, yeah, but not too much.
And so she said, you can have lots of coffee, lots of coffee.
So it is just a short and sweet, popped in my mind.
There is one situation in which happened in Prague.
And Shomadhi was supposed to go to Warsaw on the next day and the flight would have gone via Vienna.
And I was supposed to take care of the luggage to be checked in and the tickets and everything.
And as I feel like I want to be a responsible personality, I really took it very serious.
So I checked the tickets, timing, everything, twice.
And Shomadhi's flight was at 10.25 on the next morning.
So then a yogini came and she wanted to, she asked me at what time does Shomadhi have to get up and leave knowing I checked it twice.
I told her the proper time when Shomadhi should better get up.
And she said, I will leave tomorrow. And I told her that I will leave tomorrow.
So we all went to sleep, we got up in the morning, it was 8.30.
And then we went to the bar and we went to the bar and we went to the bar.
I had even time to take a shower.
And then we went to the bar and I was able to bring up the food.
It was about 8.35, 8.45, I was able to go to the bar.
And then somebody came to me and said, should we not be at the airport right now?
And I said, no, no, our flight is at 10.25.
Which turned out to be a slight mistake.
The flight was at 9.25.
I checked it twice.
You can imagine how I felt at that moment.
I wanted to be in the earth warm disappearing in the air.
But I couldn't.
So I had to wake up the yogini who was with Shomadhi and said, we have to fly this in about half an hour.
And I said, I have to fly this in about half an hour.
You can imagine her reaction also.
Yes, I was in the air.
And I felt super guilty.
Yes, I was.
I was in the air and I was able to leave.
So we went to the airport with blue light and...
So we were able to report that we were in the airport.
And we checked in the luggage and five minutes before the departure of the flight everything was checked in.
But the cargo technology of course did not come yet.
And the announcement that they asked all the time for a passenger near my history of Astava did not help.
After the dive-in I was back at my children's room.
I knew that I could press the bargain on its lap and still check in with my parents.
And when the plane got
and rite passed, I think please return it to me.
the flowers and Cimatache started to collect all the flowers.
In the background we had the announcements calling for us.
The sky was bright sunshine.
But inside of me I didn't feel like sunshine.
So ultimately after a very very long time in Cimatache
and I collected all the flowers, we slowly proceeded to the custom control.
And now this lady at the custom control who was a typical old fashioned army soldier person.
I started shouting at Cimatache because she was late.
And it was my fault.
Can you imagine how I felt at that moment?
I felt so super bad and then we went inside.
And Cimatache was just worried about me because I felt so bad.
All the things that happened to her but she was just worried about me.
And that love, that unconditional love just made me burst into tears.
I never had experienced such a love before in my life.
It was a small plane as Austrian Airlines is not such a successful airline.
I was in the middle of the night and I saw three of them sitting on the floor.
So, Shmadezhin was sitting in a row before me.
She said, I'm going to leave.
All of a sudden she turned around with a very cheeky face and she said,
you know, this plane is not going to leave.
And I still am busy with myself.
She turned around again and said, this plane is not going to leave.
Five minutes later, the plane didn't leave.
Five minutes later, the captain said, ladies and gentlemen, due to a technical problem,
we asked you to onboard the plane.
And she said, I'm going to leave the plane,
because ladies and gentlemen, I have a problem with the problem.
But I'm going to leave the plane.
So we had to go back.
That's what I wanted to say.
And while going back, Shmadezhin said, I told you.
I'm going to leave.
And then she said, now you shout at this lady, because we cannot go to Vienna.
I'm going to leave the plane, because ladies and gentlemen, I have a problem with the plane.
Which I clearly did.
And when we came out, all the Yobies were there cheering Shmadezhin's back.
Because they told us the next plane will be late after noon.
But the sky before it was, there was no cloud, all of a sudden it was raining outside.
And this was only 15 minutes ago.
And then she said, see, your tears have become the rain.
And you will become the sun, and you will become the peace.
And now you will be the sun, and you will be the sun.
Thank you.